you're going to love this palette it's a
collection of our sexiest and most
sultry shade you know the great thing
about a palette there's so many looks if
you can create so this is look one
something that's been you know it's a
little smoky little edgy start by
applying photo finish lip primer sweep
roast across the lid and upwards towards
your brow then apply limitless eyeliner
and smoke brush Thunder across upper and
lower lash line mix a little thunder and
roast and apply to the lower lash line
apply blush brush and heartbreak and
don't forget full exposure mascara for
added drama
and you want to finish with limitless
long wearing gloss and endless shoes six
shades amazing i love how edgy looks i
love it too i think it looks hot and sex
it really does now we're going to walk
in something a little bit more dramatic
it's a winged eye but it's with color
instead of using black start with photo
finish lip primer then apply alabaster
from lash line to brow bone as your base
next softly line blackcurrant across
your upper lash line and wing out at the
end dab thunder at the inner corners and
blend halfway across blackcurrant then
apply limitless eyeliner and smoke add
seafoam to the lower lash line and wing
out at the end lashes are key so don't
forget your full exposure mascara next
apply blush brush and chiffon finish
with reflection high shine gloss in box
I love that we really chose colors
reason is something that's black current
which is just really rich more wine type
course of a black or brown edgy it's
sexy but it's still you know very
wearable there it's like a small some of
you it is i love it